So get ready to celebrate with a bunch of new episodes, including an all-new Clarissa Explains It All.
That boy does Clarissa have some explaining to do when she ends up kissing a certain boy.
That's coming up as we kick off our Snick Aversary Celebration.
Happy Snick Aversary!
Saturday night has arrived, and Saturday night belongs to Snick.
Stay tuned.
This year at Six Flags Great Adventure.
To Batman the ride.
Imagine the air below, the sky above.
You are Batman.
When you fly Six Flags, only suspended outside looping, nothing like an on-earth experience.
Not even at Disney.
But wait, there's more.
With this, the exciting thrills of the Batman stunt show.
At Six Flags Great Adventure.
Get these great savings with special coupons and participating Burger Kings.
They're the best young musicians from around the country.
And each one hopes and dreams to be chosen for the most exciting adventure of their lives.
To make new friends.
To study with the masters.
And to play for the world.
Join host Dudley Moore and guest conductor Henry Mancini for the second annual Disney's Young Musician Symphony Orchestra.
Exclusively on The Disney Channel.
To see what Kellogg's Race Krispies are saying.
Yeah, let's go.
I say, coupons, we're drowning in...
Watch children.
Focus on Kellogg's Race Krispies.
The talkative part of this complete breakfast.
It's my friendship.
I am the cooler.
It's mine.
Oh.
What do your Rice Krispies say?
It says goodbye. There's nothing more to say.
Who knows where we'll be next?
Yeah, who knows?
Oh, whoa, whoa, whoa.
There are way wacky things in the wacky warehouse box.
Hanging out the mall.
The wacky warehouse mall.
We're wild new video games.
We're wet new flavor.
Pink Swimminger.
The wacky warehouse mall.
We're cool-aid.
Wario, Nintendo's big star.
Says Kool-Aid now has his great.
Incredible.
Super Mario Land 2.
Six golden coins.
You can get your free Nintendo Game Boy Game Pack with coins from Kool-Aid Soft Drink packages in these order forms.
It's big.
Huge.
Still want when a woman bought milk from the car now.
Happy Snick Aversary.
Happy, happy, happy, happy!
Happy-snick-a-versary.
Happy, happy, happy, happy, happy!
Happy-snick-a-versary!
I think it was either William Shakespeare or Stings who said,
Love is blind. Love is madness.
Love is reason without reason.
Personally, I agree. Love is not!
But don't take my word for it.
Just look at some lovers in love.
The first thing you'll notice is altered vision.
Is there an eye doctor in the house?
Then the pulse rate increases rapidly.
And you don't need a stethoscope to dig that crazy beat.
Finally, there's a full brain blowout.
Once you get to that point, don't bother calling EMS.
You're gone.
So when you're in love, strange things happen to all sorts of body parts.
And there's no preventive medicine.
You have no control over how it happens,
when it happens, or who it happens with.
Barbie.
Hey, Clarissa.
Sam, what are you doing here?
I thought you were going out at Lindsay Flinkfield tonight.
I did. We're done. She's home. I'm here.
Wow. Speed dating.
What went wrong?
I don't know. I never know.
All I said was let's go climb the water tower and watch for UFOs.
That sounds fun.
Next thing I know, she's got to wash her hair.
The old hair washing excuse.
What's her problem?
Beats me.
I wouldn't mind so much if it was just her problem.
But it's the same with every girl.
How do we say the wrong thing or do the wrong thing?
I don't think it's you, Sam.
What are you saying?
Every girl I've gone out with is a loser?
No, you just haven't found the right one yet.
There's one?
What if she lives in Helsinki? I'll never meet her.
Maybe you'll look out and meet a local girl.
Like who?
Well, for starters, someone who likes to do
all the kind of stuff we like to do.
Yeah, okay.
Someone you can talk to?
Sure.
With the mind of her own?
Who likes you? She's got to be out there.
I guess, but she better show up soon
before I wind up on love connection.
It takes time, Sam.
You're not the kind of guy you get to know overnight.
Doesn't take us a long time to get to know each other.
Yeah, but we're different.
That's for sure.
Just because we've had a chance to get to know each other.
Yeah, maybe you're right.
I'm sorry, what were you saying?
Listen, I was thinking.
If you're not doing anything tonight,
want to go climb the water tower?
And look for UFOs?
Sam, you know I don't believe in UFOs.
Let me get my camera.
This cast is so itchy, it's driving me nuts.
Marshall, are you up already?
I thought you were still sleeping.
No, I can't sleep.
Every time I close my eyes, I keep reliving my accident.
Over and over and over.
Major bummer, it's an occupational hazard.
You told me you were going to watch out.
Well, Janet, I designed the place.
I have to oversee the construction.
There I am at the Freifle Tower.
The Freifle Tower.
The biggest french-fried palace west of Paris.
I'm on the fourth level, overlooking the octet catcher.
Suddenly, something goes wrong.
Oh, you can say that again.
They start to look this giant sign that says...
Bet you can't eat just in.
That's the one.
And suddenly...
It swings towards you.
My knees turn to jelly,
but I can't get out of the way in time.
Come on!
Who can sleep?
Oh, I wish I could get out of here for a while.
I'm starting to go stir crazy.
I'd be happy to drive you anywhere you want to go, Dad.
Just give me the keys.
No.
Funny.
Those look good.
Can I have one?
Not unless you like clay.
Oh, I like natural foods.
My preschoolers made them at the children's museum.
They're nut dishes.
Nut dishes?
Who uses nut dishes these days?
They went out with doilies.
What's a nut dish?
Marshall.
Don't spy on the neighbors.
I'm not spying.
I'm just looking out the window.
And into their window.
What's going on?
Oh, you missed it, Sport.
Big fight at the Soapestines last night
while you were out.
Well, Ned and I may have a few things to work out,
but it's none of our business.
Yeah, your mother's right, kids.
I couldn't agree more.
Besides, it looks pretty quiet to me.
Yeah, where are the kids?
Oh, Ned Jr. and Elsie got to go to Greece
with their grandmother.
I hope Ned Jr. remembers to bring me
back a piece of the Parthenon.
Oh, there's Ned in the garden now.
Ooh, he looks pretty upset.
Yeah.
What's that in the bag?
It looks like it's burying something.
Oh, it's fertilizer.
Fertilizer.
But what kind of fertilizer?
You know, dead things
are good fertilizer.
You ought to know.
Sure, there's a simple explanation.
Why don't you just ask him?
Well, guys, I'd love to stake out the Soapestines
as much as anyone, but I've got a life.
Hi, Sam.
Hey, Clarissa, you ready?
Almost. Just give me a minute.
Man, I can't believe we're actually going down
to the university to check out the flight simulator.
I hear it's really...
Really what?
Really, um...
I'm sorry. What was I talking about?
The flight simulator.
Oh, it's at the university?
You said that.
I did.
That's funny.
Yeah.
Historical.
So when did you start wearing perfume?
I don't know. I wear it sometimes
when I feel like it.
So what about this flight simulator?
Oh, it's really cool.
You get up to around 30,000 feet
and swoop down under incoming fighters
unless there's an oil rig below.
Flight simulator sounds just like a video game.
No, it's nothing like a video game.
It's... okay.
It's exactly like a video game.
Ah.
What happened?
Things are tricky.
Sam, are you feeling okay?
What? Me?
Sure. Why?
Sam.
Okay, I don't know how to bring it up,
but I've been thinking about what you said.
Said about what?
About me finding a girl.
Yeah?
And I think I found a girl I like.
Great. Who is she?
No, wait. Don't tell me. Let me guess.
Can our guys receive that new girl?
No. This girl I've known forever.
And she definitely scores big on my magic checklist.
That girl with the hair extensions
that sits behind you in chemistry?
Emily Lippincott? No way.
This girl has her own hair.
And I know she likes me.
Oh, I know who it is.
Yeah?
Jillian Novak.
No. You know her. You know her really well.
You really understand her.
Really? Who are you talking about?
It's you.
Me?
So what do you think?
I think, well, I think...
Hey, sport. Mind if I...
Dad Ferguson, uh...
Sure, what's up?
Uh, plenty.
Okay, uh, look through here and tell me what you see.
All right.
I see two moving men in a trunk.
Can you read the label?
Now, this is silly Ferguson.
Did I hobble all the way up here to read a luggage tag?
Well, maybe from where you're standing. Move over.
Great. We have to find out where the trunk is going.
Nope. Can't make it out.
Ah, this is awful.
And the Soberstein's been missing too many days.
You know, if it goes overseas, it's out of our jurisdiction.
Jurisdiction? Oh, you know, they've got dogs at the airport
to sniff out that stuff.
Could go by boat.
Clarissa.
Uh, hey guys, isn't there another window you could look out?
No, yours is the best view.
You know, we were kind of talking about something.
Oh, sport. Sorry. Come on, Ferguson.
No. No, I don't think a boat would work
because passengers would notice.
Not if they preserved it, you know.
Well, come on, Sam. We don't want to miss our flight,
even if it is simulated.
Clarissa.
What?
What do you mean, what? You never really answered me.
Sam, you don't want to do this.
I'm not the right girl for you. We're friends.
What if it doesn't work out?
We can always be friends again.
That's what you think.
Why not?
I'm telling you, it'll get weird.
You don't know that.
Sam, you're making a mistake.
When I was telling you about a girl to go out with
that knows you as well as I did, I don't mean me.
Why not?
Because I'm me and you're you.
And that's not us.
Oh, I get it.
Oh, Sam, I think you're great.
I think you're the greatest guy in the world.
So what's the problem?
Sam, you're a boy and you're my friend,
but you're not a boyfriend.
That's not the way it has to be.
Sam, what do I have to do to make myself clear?
Go out with me.
Go out? We go out all the time.
Yeah, but I don't mean go out. I mean go out.
Go out?
Fine.
Great.
So when?
How about tomorrow?
Okay, tomorrow.
Okay, I guess I'll see you then.
Wait, where are you going? What about a flight simulator?
I can't go out before we actually go out.
See you tomorrow.
Well, that was weird.
Sam and me. Me and Sam?
Oh, see, I don't need the note.
Flieta, flieta, pasta, lasagna.
Uno, demore, amore, amore, amore.
Via faelso, after the mail.
Mamma mia, what am I going to do?
Happy birthday, snap.
And many more happy returns to Clarissa after this.
They were ordinary California kids
who got the surprise of their life
when someone gave them
the power of the ninjas.
Sorry.
Now they have to be all that they can be.
I like that.
Because they're America's newest secret weapon.
Why do you keep calling us that?
Surf ninjas.
There's dynamite here.
We'll throw it at them.
It's a tough job,
but somebody's got to do it.
I got one.
It starts Friday, August 20th at a theater near you.
Now, class, he is full.
Pizza, pizza.
Pizza, pizza, pizza, banana,
pineapple, pizza, me, Mike.
Oh, pizza.
Pizza.
Pizza, pizza, pizza, banana,
pineapple, pizza, me, Mike.
Oh, pizza.
Little Caesar.
Break it down, yeah.
Nothing can beat him,
so come on, let's eat him.
Wow.
Maybe Caesar.
Pizza, pizza, pineapple, pizza,
pineapple, pizza.
Now you can get a free toy.
Surprise, prize it.
Little Caesar.
A free toy and little Caesar.
Come on, everybody.
Every snick, she's Clarissa,
but this Saturday,
she's also a special guest star
in a special snick-aversary premiere
of Are You Afraid of the Dark?
Watch Melissa Joan Hart in...
Story that's guaranteed to give everyone
a massive case of the shoot.
It's Are You Afraid of the Dark
tonight at 9.30, 8.30 Central,
only on Nick.
All right, listen up.
We have the fugitive
that's been on the run for 90 minutes.
What I want out of each and every one of you
is a hard-and-target search of every gas station,
residence, warehouse, farmhouse,
henhouse, outhouse,
and doghouse in this area.
Put that gun down!
I can't even kill my wife!
Harrison Ford is
the fugitive, rated PG-13.
Now playing at a theater near you.
I'm drugs, you save even more.
And for back to school,
we're cutting our prices.
Freolocrans, free.
Theme books, free.
Stick with us for back to school
and get something that's better than free.
Filler paper free,
plus you make 21 cents.
Savings that really add up
in our back to school sale.
Plus, what are your everyday headquarters for?
High-dry paper towels,
northern bathroom tissue,
palm olive dish detergent.
Elm drugs, you're local independent.
A store that cares about you.
Now back to Clarissa
and our first snick-a-versary.
Happy birthday, snick!
Sam and I went out on our...
We went out.
How'd it go?
It was good.
It was bad.
It got ugly.
Things started out pretty normal.
We went to see one of those romantic tear-jerkers.
Men cried.
Women swooned.
We liked the part where the car blew up.
Then things started getting funky.
Sam made his move.
He made me want to move to Alaska.
Finally, when we got back to my house,
he did something I didn't expect.
It was time to say good night.
And that turned into a good night.
What was he thinking?
I said I'd go out,
but I never expected him to go so far, so fast.
And what was the kiss like?
Well, I wouldn't say there were fireworks.
And I wouldn't say bells were ringing.
And lightning definitely did not strike.
Sam really wanted all that fireworks,
bells, lightning stuff.
And I mean, I feel bad because I care about Sam.
And it's making me wonder if I have, you know, feelings for Sam.
I mean, like those feelings.
Why does this have to happen?
I count on Sam to make me feel good, not to make me feel everything.
What a mess.
I wish I was English.
You know, like those guys in those boring British dramas on public TV?
They always know what they're feeling.
They're never out of control.
Sam, my good friend.
Where's my dear, dear Clarissa?
You know, I'm feeling a bit of a stirring.
Really?
Is it the crumpets?
No.
Oh, Samuel, you're such a rake.
I'm feeling, I would say just more than a stirring.
I do believe it's from my heart.
You know, I think that I, in fact,
am feeling a stirring too.
Really?
Really, I noticed it this morning.
I think, in fact, I am yearning for you.
A yearning?
Well, that would be stronger than a stirring.
So, but not as strong as a longing.
And not nearly quite as long.
No, I suppose you've got me there.
I can't eat.
I can't sleep.
Mochi?
Please.
Pray, what do you think is happening?
Could it be love?
I suppose it could very well be.
Think of that.
Instead of knowing what I feel like,
I don't know how I feel at all.
I don't know if Sam's a friend or something else.
Well, I hope he doesn't come around for a while.
I need some time to sort my emotions out.
I want to be calm, cool, and...
Sam, what are you doing here?
I tried ladder, you weren't in your room.
Every time I turn around, that ladder, there you are.
Sometimes it makes me so mad.
What are you talking about?
Well, I...
Sis, I've been looking for you.
Ferguson, I don't have time right now.
I forgot my flashlight. Here, hold this.
You know, maybe I should come back if I'm too mad.
No, don't go. I'm not mad at you.
What are you then?
I'm just upset.
Well, maybe I'm upset too.
You're upset.
Okay, flashlight, shovel.
What are you doing?
Mr. Cerberstein finally left this house,
and I'm going over to check a few things out.
I need your help.
What help?
You don't expect me to go over there without a lookout, do you?
Baggies, evidence. You know what mom keeps them?
Under the sink, I'm left behind in the bucket.
Thanks.
I don't understand what you're so upset about.
I don't understand why you don't understand.
Oh, great.
Well, if you just give me a minute here.
Oh, now you're mad?
Well, you started it.
What do you mean I started it?
Okay.
Got it. Good call.
Sis, that's gone.
No.
What?
I said no.
By that you mean, and no.
I mean, no.
Listen, Furg, what?
All right, all right.
Just let me borrow your magnifying glass.
Just take the magnifying glass.
Where is it?
In the junk drawer in the kitchen.
No.
Wait, it's not. I looked.
Would you just get out of here?
Oh, yeah.
Well, um, I'll go get it myself.
You know what?
This is too weird.
I'm getting out of here.
Great.
Now, Sam's yelling at my brother, and that's my job.
And Sam and I aren't even talking.
Help.
I'm trapped in a parallel universe.
We asked you in here because we have...
Well, Ferguson has it.
I think we have some bad news.
Horrifying news.
News that will kill your very bone marrow.
What's this all about?
We have reason to believe that Ned Soperstein
has done away with Edna.
Rubbed around.
Deep-sixter.
Sleeps with the fish.
Uh-uh.
Wait.
What do you call it?
The police?
No.
I'm calling Ned Soperstein.
Don't call Ned.
Oh.
Janet, just hear us out, okay?
Now, I was just as skeptical as you are,
but the more I thought about it,
the more I realized that there are just too many questions
that can't be answered.
What questions?
Where is Edna Soperstein?
Well, maybe she went on vacation.
Yeah.
A permanent vacation.
Take a look out the window.
Do you notice anything different
about a particular collie dog?
Sorry, she's tied up.
And why is he tied up?
Because he was digging in the garden.
And why wouldn't Ned Soperstein
want him digging in the garden?
Because somebody might find this.
Gardening glove.
Edna Soperstein's gardening glove.
The very glove she was wearing
when Ned decided he just couldn't take it anymore.
Mom, will Dad be okay?
I hope so, dear.
All right.
Don't believe us.
But when the cops get through digging,
you'll be singing a different tune.
I'll just call Ned.
No.
You're injured.
You're stir crazy.
I am perfectly calm and lucid.
There he is.
Soperstein, see?
See?
Now, is that the look of a man
who knows that somebody is watching him?
Someone is watching him.
We are.
Marshall, you're letting your imagination
run wild again.
Hi, Ned.
No.
Oh, great.
Great.
Now he knows we're watching him.
Oh, what's the difference?
Oh, Marshall, do you remember
when you thought that the mailman
stole our sweepstakes form
from the publisher's clearing house?
Yeah, well, you know,
who knows what he's got in that bag?
Uh-huh.
And what about the time
you spotted William Shatner
at the gas station?
Now, that could have been him.
I mean, the man does drive, Janet.
Ferguson, I think it's time
to give this a rest.
Oh, come on, Mom.
We've got to call the cops.
I mean, if we don't somebody else,
well, then they'll get
the movie of the week rights.
The movie of the week?
Yeah.
I can see it now.
Me played by Sean Penn,
a cynical,
world-weary babes
can't get their hands off
of a kind of guy
ready to punch out photographers
giving Madonna the brush.
Struggling again.
Oh, fun's fun, Mr. Tough Guy,
but your father has to take a nap
and don't you have
some homework to do?
Mom.
Come on, Ferguson.
I'll show you my fingerprints.
I'm back when I burned
my draft car.
More nut dishes?
The kids love making them.
How did they work?
Funny.
So, do you need any help?
No.
So what are you doing today?
Nothing.
I guess I'll just hang around.
I'm figuring 10, 12 nuts tops.
Clarissa, what's your fascination
with nut dishes?
Nothing.
Something to matter?
Nothing major.
A promise school?
No.
Boy trouble?
I don't want to talk about it.
All right.
How about a sandwich?
It's Sam.
Well, not just Sam.
Sam and me, but not like that.
I don't understand.
Me neither.
That's the problem.
Why couldn't he leave things alone?
Why did I go out with him?
Oh.
You guys went out?
Yeah, we went out.
And now we're fighting.
We never fight.
When I fight with someone,
I'm supposed to talk to Sam about it.
But now who do I talk to?
It's a tough one.
I just wish everything
would go back to the way it was.
So what are you going to do?
I'll tell you one thing I'm going to do.
From now on, I'm going to make sure
that my friends just stay friends.
Otherwise, you can ruin a great friendship.
Well, you two have known each other a long time.
Do you think it's ruined?
I don't know.
He didn't really get to say much.
Well, why don't you give him a chance?
I thought you two could talk about anything.
We can.
Well, we did.
So maybe we could.
Sam?
Yeah.
Hi, Sam.
Hey, Clarissa.
You know, I'm sorry about the other day.
Yeah, me too.
You know, I wanted to talk about...
I know what you mean.
We haven't really talked since that night.
That night?
I mean, I had a good time and everything.
Me too.
Then the next day.
Yeah.
Oh, boy.
No kidding.
Look, Sam.
You go first.
I don't want to go out with you.
Really?
Oh, that's great.
Hey, don't go overboard.
I mean, what a relief.
I feel the same way.
Can we just go back to normal and pretend the other night never happened?
I felt like I was kissing my sister.
If I had a sister.
That's great.
I think.
You'd have heard me say it if you'd let me talk the other day.
Really, I'm sorry.
I was just a little... jumpy.
You know, I figured if we got together like that,
there's only two ways it could go.
Yeah.
Big-time commitment or big-time break-up.
Look, Sam, there's a zillion dates out there,
but you're not so easy to replace.
But there is one thing.
What?
About the ladder.
I still feel kind of weird just coming up unannounced.
I mean, last time you ran out of the room,
maybe I shouldn't use it anymore.
No, Sam, you'd always use the ladder.
Maybe we should just work out a signal.
Okay.
How about if I hoot like an owl?
Then if you're doing something, you know some girl thing.
Just bark three times and I'll wait.
Then when it's clear, just give one long moo.
Or how about this?
Just call first?
With a phone?
Yeah.
Good idea.
I'm glad we got all this clear enough.
Me too.
Well, gotta go.
Uh, Sam?
Yeah.
It kind of works better with a ladder there.
Whoa.
Bye, Clarissa.
Well, I'm glad that's over with.
Sam can go back to looking for the perfect girl.
As long as he doesn't look my way.
Dad, your ankle looks really skinny.
Ah, yeah.
It sure feels good since I got out of that cast.
And now that you're fully mobile,
I've got a bail-proof way to catch Mr. Sopristine.
First, I'm gonna disguise myself.
As what?
A good neighbor?
No, the cable guy.
Then, well, I've got Sopristine Occupy.
Hi, everybody.
Hi.
Where'd you get the oranges?
From Edna Sopristine.
Or at least for a woman calling herself Edna Sopristine.
You mean she's alive?
I don't believe it.
All right.
Now, where was she?
In Florida at a spa.
A surprise gift from Ed.
Well, what about the trunk?
Oh, close with the kids in Greece.
Oh, nothing ever happens around here.
Mom, can I get some of these oranges to Sam?
Sure.
How you seeing Sam?
Seeing him.
Why wouldn't I?
After all, he's a friend, isn't he?
When school's out, stick's in.
Stick-stickly, that is.
Hi, stick here.
Tune into Nickelodeon every weekday after school
for Nick and me afternoon.
That's weekdays at three, two central.
Right here on Nickelodeon.
Now, Nick at Night invites you to stay up for a visit
to 1313 Mockingbird Lane, where Eddie Monster lives.
You know I can't go to sleep till it's light out.
Stay tuned for the monsters next on Nick at Night.
Clarissa.
Happy Snickaversary.
Stay on the edge of your seat on the big orange couch
as our Snickaversary continues.
Would you eat a mustard donut on Monday?
Talk to a head on Tuesday.
Get hypnotized on Wednesday.
Soft shoe on Thursday.
And go on a date with Beetlejuice on Friday.
Would you marry me?
What would you do every weekday at six, five central on Nickelodeon?
I love video scavenger hide and seek.
Let's roll.
Spotted dogs, twins, rock group, group headstand.
Got it.
Twins?
I always see twins.
And McDonald's.
Spotted dogs.
Hey, a rock group.
To me.
They convert them.
I always see red convertibles.
At McDonald's.
Hey, we're doing great.
We're doing great.
Look, twins.
Hey, Mark.
I knew we'd find everything at McDonald's.
But why don't you say something?
Walk Disney presents three extraordinary friends.
And the popular hit will be now on video.
Homeward bound, the incredible journey.
Their shadow.
Come on, you two.
Chance.
I got to check this out.
Pardon me.
And Sassy.
I prefer the dry look.
They're lost in the wilderness.
But to get back home.
This is like Arnold Schwarzenegger.
They'll have to get their act together.
Now, I still have Easter cheese.
Chance, you're a genius.
You can join them on their adventure.
Yes.
Homeward bound, the incredible journey on video rated G.
Our imagines.
Two dangerous.
Colonel Rose about once said,
We have nothing to fear, but fear itself.
Obviously, Franklin never went to a public school.
Minor.
You're going to jump backwards.
Oh, hello, backwards brain.
Don't you know what it is?
It's when the girl asks the guy for the date.
Day's a move.
I'm used to it.
I'm always here.
Oh, ready for the ride of your life.
Enter a fantasy world where you call a boy
and experience a phone conversation
of nightmarish mind-bending reality.
Arnold Scheißenhaus, who stars as the boy
you want to ask for the dance in.
Total.
Who?
I sit behind you in the science class.
Someone sits behind me.
The girl who threw up last week in the cafeteria
in front of the whole school.
Oh, yes, yes, yes.
Now I remember you, the buff girl.
Yes, yes.
Yeah, well, that was me.
So I was wondering if you might want to go
to the backwards dance with me.
Somebody else already asked me.
Really?
No.
So you'll think about it?
Yes.
You mean it?
No.
So you have other plans?
Yes.
I plan to wait till someone else asks me.
Also, la vista, baby.
Arnold Scheißenhausen's total loser, total reject.
See what I mean?
I decided I'm not going to the dance at all.
Well, that's too bad, because we heard
Tiff Davis was hoping you would ask him.
I don't care if it was Marky Mark.
I just put away one of the most popular guys in school.
The class clown.
That's the one.
Hey, Ben.
What's up?
My nose.
Get it?
There are pencils in my nose.
He's so cute.
Paul, I'm Dr. Loretta Curran.
Being funny means being popular.
I should know.
When I was in high school, I was a pistol.
Now you too can learn to be a laugh riot
by enrolling in class clown training school.
Learn the art of making funny faces behind people's backs.
This one's a hoot.
Study techniques and simulating bodily functions.
Trust me, nothing produces more gait than fake flatulence.
You'll also learn the proper way to produce a gumbugger.
The whole that gumbugger routine kills me.
Class clown training school.
Because only a clown can turn a frown upside down.
You know what?
These are erasers.
Depressible bows.
This is just a reminder.
There's a station.
I was thinking of asking someone else out.
And then you make the call.
Bill Fleming is sitting in our very abstract cafeteria.
When he notices that his best friend Mason McGooey
has a small piece of food caught in his braces.
Thinking perhaps he's the only one that notices it.
So I saw this serious geek wearing these
total flood-rotter pants, man.
He's trying to communicate to his friend
through subtle hints and hand gestures.
So have you ever seen me wearing flood-rotter pants?
Shoot me, man, just shoot me.
Or see, come in a polite and discreet way.
You make the call.
Move, everybody.
Mason's where he is.
You were correct.
Because even though Mason was fully embarrassed,
the most important thing was that
everyone had a good laugh at his expense.
Did I get it?
No, it's still there.
I win.
Oh.
Mason McGooey is the mayor of Dweeb City.
Yeah.
He's like way worse.
He's like the governor of like this town somewhere.
I don't know.
I think he's kind of cute.
What?
Excuse me?
Did you just say like Mason McGooey is cute?
Or do I like to have a big, huge sphere of wax in my ear?
Yeah.
Like, can we even hear?
There's Tiff.
Now's your chance.
Please don't moment.
Welcome to the Life Vegas Casino, sweetheart,
where you could win the date of your dream
with Tiff Davis, cool dude, and class clown.
It's Jordan there.
Come on, honey.
Take a dance.
How much to play?
You could risk as much to his little rejection
as you want, little lady.
I, I'll risk it all.
Not all too bad.
Better luck than there is the next time.
I don't understand.
I thought he wanted to go with me.
Drake, look, just ask somebody else.
Forget it.
I don't care if Marky Mark and Joey Lawrence
wanted to go with me.
I'm not going to a stupid dance.
And else after this.
Gus.
The warrior.
Superman.
Gus.
The maniac.
Do you have it?
No.
Perfect scores.
Do you have it?
Off the aerial break.
On the track.
In the gym.
On the field.
In the pool.
And on the crack.
Now, they're head to head to head
for the first time.
Guts.
All stars.
Watch as the extreme competition
takes over Snick.
Next Saturday at 8-7 Central.
Yesterday, my city was attacked
by Spamians from another galaxy.
They weren't very nice aliens
which made me and Walt mad.
They were messing up the place.
We prepared our new BKs for battle
and went out to tell them
to get the heck out of Dodge.
Then year we jumped out of their purple skeins
when they saw us.
Spamians scattered everywhere
but our BK dinosaurs made us way speedier.
We chased them back to their spaceships
and those Spamians were treated
like the final slime they are.
The new BKs at Foot Locker.
If I had my way,
I'd change my hair.
We're gonna give the kids a meal
the way I like it.
With snow pickles.
Sure.
Yeah.
Now at Burger King,
you can collect save the animal cards.
You can save mammals,
fish,
birds,
and red cows and amphibians.
There's 17 cards in four albums.
One with every kids meal.
You can save them in albums.
Or treat them with friends.
You'll like my life at Burger King now.
Happy first birthday, Snick.
And now back to the Snickiversary
celebration down at the Roundhouse.
Start by middle name.
Okay, which of you
is Barry Smith, huh?
Sorry to interrupt your class,
but I found
your smuffet baby knapsack.
It was buried underneath the house.
Now how do you suppose it got there?
From the director
who brought you raging bully
in the last temptation
of cafeteria lady,
comes the most horrifying motion picture
in school history.
Great fear.
Class, who would like
to come up and erase the talk board?
Let's see,
little Bobby De Niro Junior over there.
How about you?
Me?
You talking to me?
I'm not the only kid here.
Yeah, he's still got a smile left.
Oh man.
Oh, loser.
Thy name is Amazing.
Yeah, he has like the same name
that like stupid people have.
Well, I think he's nice.
Didn't I worry my lesson?
Do I want to get hurt again?
I'm right.
I'd rather have a root canal
than ask the guide of a dance.
You've got an appointment
with the most obnoxious dentist
on the planet,
dentist Leary.
He's got a smirk for causing pain
and a smock for catching flying.
Hey you.
Yeah, you.
Your rest rates don't look too good.
I'm talking plaque.
I'm talking gingivitis.
I'm talking rotten stinkles
where your baby teeth used to be.
I got two words for you.
Root canal.
Two more words to be a pain.
Two more words?
Try blistering.
Yeah, I'm scraping plaque.
I'm causing pain
and I'm expecting you
to make small talk with your mouthful.
Bitch.
Oh man.
I think you're the disgusting
fool hanging out of your mouth
and I think I'm going to puke.
Hey pal, remember
Mr. Happy Tooth?
He's dead.
Get over it.
Open wide.
I think you hear me drilling
and I think I'm coming in.
Bye.
Not right now sweetie.
I am creating a completely new
category of yellow.
Go ask your father.
Seema, I hate to say this
but Dad's know Albert Einstein.
Oh, Einstein this.
Einstein that.
You know, they talk about
this Einstein
like he was some kind of
genius or something.
I'll have you know
your father's every bit
as smart as that Einstein
what's more his hair stays down.
Just think of all the profound
things that your dad has
taught you over the years.
And now Dad deeps off.
Buying a dad to candy.
When I say okay,
I mean maybe.
When I say maybe,
I mean no.
When I say no,
Of course I respect
your opinion.
Shut up and listen.
You got two choices.
Either I'm right
or you're wrong.
See, King Solomon
and a lazy boy.
Well actually
that much help.
What?
When you were my age
did you have fear?
Oh goodness,
sweetheart.
When I was your age
I hated to go to bed.
You see, I was convinced
that there was this
horrible hairy creature
under my bed
just waiting for me
to fall asleep
so that he could
staple me to the
headboard
and suck the fluid
out of my eyes.
Pretty nice.
There's lots more
snicking with the
roundhouse after this.
Happy snick-aversary.
To celebrate
our first snick-aversary,
Nick's showing a snick premiere
of the Royal Canadian
Kilted Yaksman.
Oh, thank you.
Thank you.
So get your Kilted Keester
on the big orange couch
for a special
Ren and Stimpy
tonight at 9,
8 Central,
only on Nick.
They were ordinary
California kids
who got the
surprise of their life.
When someone gave them
the power of the ninja.
Sorry.
Now they have to be
all that they can be.
I like that.
Because they're
America's newest
secret weapon.
Why do you keep
calling us that?
Surf ninjas.
It's a tough job,
but somebody's got to do it.
Never mess with sorrow.
Graded PG starts Friday,
August 20th
at a theater near you.
Let the celebration
continue down at
the roundhouse.
Okay.
And the protective
bosom of your family.
You feel warm and secure.
But even here
fear can rear its ugly head
or feet.
Hey honey,
how about a foot rom?
I've been for years,
but dad will never
cut those toenails.
Then it's time
you let him use
those bear claws
for the good of mankind.
Presenting
dad word scissor feet.
Hey dad,
I can't find the scissors.
Oh, thanks.
Fix the date
and I can't do
a thing with my hair.
Grudge me, dad.
Hey honey,
I need help with my
project for the PTA.
Wow.
Dad word scissor feet.
Now you won't
run away
when dad says.
Come here
while I cut a few.
You're first.
I was there first
before you were there
first, now move.
Dad, make me.
I can't.
You're a girl.
If I only had
a special recourse
in this,
my darkest hour.
Good afternoon,
everyone.
I'm Doug Suellin
and welcome to another
edition of
The Sibling's Court.
This is a
destiny kid.
He counters
that he was there
first and called
saved
before getting up for a
snack.
He is suing
for a
reposition of the chair.
And this is the
case of
all right
the crusty
judge dad
presiding.
Kids will want
you to know
if it pleases the dad
I'd like to cite
kid law page
five ninety eight.
If you leave
a chair to get
some keys
pops or something
and you call save
then no one can
sit in that chair
because it's not fair.
Da
every kid knows that
but you didn't call
save.
I know you are
but what am I?
Objection
kid coach
six eighteen.
If you're past
the age of
prom you can
no longer utilize
but I know
you are
but what am I
the best?
I know you're
you want to
I request a reset
I thought you
kids might like
to split
some drooling
you want
I request a line
judge
okay a little
more here
a second there
one here
okay even
all right look
look the dad
has reached a decision
adult code nine
fifty seven
find his keepers
loses weepers
court to journey
these more stars
than
Mrs.
Quinn
pizza delivery woman
she is bringing
a couple
we unlock the mystery
Don King
troll
not a troll
we also answer
the burning question
Billy Ray Cyrus
hit
not a hit
on America's Least Wanted
we'll be looking at
you
Cassie and he can
who couldn't get a date
if your life
depended on it
today on the hopeless
mystery show
we'll be talking to girls
we had to go to the dance
with Velikin
Cassie stays at home
by herself today
on the young
and the date list
I'm Phil
come on
there's some guys
somewhere
in America
desperate enough
to take
Cassie to the dance
um
Quasimodo
job of the hunt
Cassie any kid
okay
um
Bobby
Ronnie
Danny
Mike
can't even get a date
with a farangi
tonight
on Star Trek
the next rejection
I'm not gonna date her
you date her
I've been walking around
the rest of the semester
with food on my face
talk about embarrassing
oh man
here he comes
I'm gonna ask him to the dance
I'm not gonna ask him to the dance
have me
a lot better
in this little number here
it's a 10
yeah yeah it did
yeah yeah
well uh no
no actually
truth be told
I made it
with my old two feet
listen it's not easy
working with fine Irish lace
when you got bunions
oh dad
I don't know what to say
oh yeah you do
reprise the theme song
and roll the tech
you wanna spend more time
down at the roundhouse
then be here tomorrow
when roundhouse returns
at five four central
only on nick
snicking together
for a whole year
it's only been a year
keep right on snicking
as our very first
sneak aversary
continues
on where else
sneak
it's been a decade
in the making
so fasten your seat belts
for the biggest party
in the hottest stars
it's the 10th anniversary
of the MTV
video musical awards
and you can be there
MTV will send you
and a guest to Los Angeles
for live performances
by Aerosmith
Janet Jackson
R.E.M. and more
look out
it's the 1993
MTV
Video Music Awards
live September 2
plug in and win
enter to win at Elm Drugs
located at Elchester's
shopping center
on Parsons Boulevard
at Jewel Avenue
runner-up prizes
courtesy of hotsocks
it's not that I
wanna see other people
it's just
you deserve better than me
it's that old saying
I wanna let you be free
if you love a butterfly
set it free
go
and if it comes back
if there was a word
between friend and boyfriend
like
casual
friend of boy
really good friends
every East pack pack pack
comes with a lifetime guarantee
provided you can
handle the commitment
everything's gonna be the same
only we're just not
gonna kiss
okay
this morning
we were regular fifth graders
now we're heroes
it all started
when we were separated
from our class
on a field trip
we were off goofing around
when we realized
wait
when it was our bus
we knew if we missed our bus
we'd be toast
once we saw our bus
we figured we were aces
we were wrong
how come we don't know
anyone on this bus
because that's our bus
what bus are you boys
supposed to be on
the one that's going to
McDonald's
yeah
follow that bus
now we're famous
which is cool
cause famous people
will never do homework
dozens of years ago
is the true life
drama
of the legendary
royal
Canadian
Tilted
the X-Men
we salute these
brave men
and their famous motto
we always get our
butts kicked
men
this is a
mission of glory
I need volunteers
we need men
big of heart
big of courage
big of spirit
only big men will do
for those of you who volunteer
it means certain death
if you're lucky
you must be very proud
to have an opportunity like this
you'll go down in history
this nation shall be forged
in your blood
not everyone gets
the chance to sacrifice
their lives
for such a noble cause
you can make this land
a great place for our children
and their children's children
there is a great wilderness
out there
that you must tame
why
so that future generations
will live in freedom
think of it man
I can see it now
two color TVs in every hole
a curling rock in every garage
and all the cost selfless men
like you
lay down your lives
for the Kilted X-Men
don't do it for yourself man
do it for people
you'll never even meet
please
please let us sacrifice for our country
me and Ren
our lives are cheap
well
I don't know
oh please
I know we're not worthy
here
take this five bucks
just let us serve
well
okay
oh thank you
thank you
I'm proud of you boy
and while you brave men
seek your place in history
the rest of us poor lads
must bear the shame
of having to remain here
with the women
poor men
isn't it a pity Ren
and so
faithfully the two heroic X-Men
began their journey
across the majestic wilderness
in search of the great
the lost
barren wasteland
onward they pressed
through the harsh Canadian tundra
facing hardship
after hardship
Marmoset
Canada's most fearsome predator
the Kodiak Marmoset
is the world's largest
smallest primate
my god
he's killing us
help
having weathered the wintry tundra
our heroes press on
into the stinking hot depths
of the Canadian jungle
filthy
starving
exhausted
our heroes
willily continue on
their search for the great
barren wasteland
stop
I can't take it any longer
we are out of food and water
I feel I shall starve
if we keep on going
we will surely die
I tell you we must turn back
stop it man
you mustn't say those things
remember the royal anthem
of the Kilted Yaksmen
our country
reeks of trees
our yaks are
really large
and they smell like rotting beef carcasses
and we have to clean up
after them
and our saddle sores
are the best
we proudly wear
women's clothing
and searing sand blows
up our skirts
and the buzzards
they soar overhead
and poisonous snakes
will devour us whole
and our bones
will bleach in the sun
they'll probably go
is our great reward
for being the royal
royal
Canadian Kilted Yaksmen
come on everybody
our country
reeks of trees
our yaks smell
like rotting beef carcasses
we'll clean up
and blow up our skirts
our buzzards
they soar overhead
and poisonous snakes
will devour us whole
and our bones will bleach in the sun
make you go yikes
Nickelodeon's getting speedier
bubzier and fuddier
what a revolting development this is
it's more of the looney tunes you want
every weekday on Nickelodeon
critics called that night
tender, touching, bittersweet
do you remember when Larry used to kiss you like that?
yeah
wonderfully performed
what did she say?
she wants to meet you tonight
a knockout performance from Juliette Lewis
could you keep a secret if I asked you to?
every frame glows with love
and artistry
okay
not a word about tonight
that night
rated PG-13
now playing exclusively at City Cinema's
Cinema One Theater
3rd Avenue with 63
yes I'll be seeing you
in every lovely summer's day
everything that's light and gay
I'll always think of you
that way I will find you
and the morning sun is new
I'll be looking at the moon
but I'll be seeing you
United Colors of Benetton Tree Boo
available at Macy's
say snick
and now back to Ren and Stimpy
on tree reeds of trees
our yaks are really large
and they smell like rotting
eave carcasses
I won't stop
I'm not dancing anymore
singing, singing
why won't he stop
listen
do you hear it?
your sense is mad
this is no time for hysterics
we've got to pull together
thanks
I needed that
I'm alright now
good
now we have to sit down and think
how we can find food
alright, think
what an idiot I've been
the answer's right in front of us
look around you man
this is Canada
so?
and what is Canada's
greatest natural resource
now all we have to do
is make a divining rod
find a dirt vein in the ground
and Eureka
we'll have a dirt feast
we'll not sleep hungry tonight
you can't just eat any dirt
this is poison dirt
I'll find the dirt around here
everyone follow me
let's pick up the pace
the searching for dirt is a bunch of bull
I say we stay right here
and catch some z's
dirt is served
fried dirt cakes
and dirt on the cob
oh boy, here we go
wait
we forgot to say grace
father
we thank you for this heap of dirt
thou hast bestowed upon us
amen
this is what Canada's all about
a belly full of dirt
a twinkle in your eye
and a pinebowl in your kilt
and so with gratitude in our kidneys
and a sense of security in our pockets
we must not forget that we owe it all
to those two heroic men
whose names I can't remember
but nonetheless did not give their lives in vain
for the royal Canadian Kilted Yaksman
what's the matter kids?
feeling tired?
listless?
got no energy?
well, how would you like to have as much energy
as America's number one superhero?
powder
super powdered energy
vital vitamin energy
leave everything to me
day after day after day
feel that surge of power rust through your kitchen
how does powdered Tolst man do it?
where does he get the energy?
why from powdered Tolst?
of course
the only Tolst that comes in a can
and now you can get your energy the powdered Tolst way
when you sit down to a nutritious breakfast of powdered Tolst
that's right
and with just one helping
you'll feel the instant energy surge
as it drives its way into your vital areas
giving you the proportionate strength
of America's favorite granulated hero
and don't forget
powdered Tolst is jam packed with
vitamin air
don't you know the children can't fly?
it may have vitamin F
but powdered Tolst sure doesn't make kids any smarter
are we clinging tenaciously to my buttocks?
all can powdered Tolst give you so much energy?
because it comes in a can
stool head
cut the grass
oh I know dear
just sitting down to a hearty breakfast of sugar sod pops
yeah mom
it's the breakfast drink that tastes like a fresh mowed lawn
well
here honey
try some
well I've got that
just raked freshness
if you like dirt
and in specially marked boxes
you get a free
praying mantis
only in sugar sod pops
the first snick-a-versa-ry
there's more to celebrate so keep on snicking
cuss
the warrior
Superman
cuss
the maniac
now
kill him
whether they like it or not
wow
they are America's newest secret weapon
anyway here
we'll throw it at him
surf ninjas
I love the part where I was like
rated PG
sorry
starts Friday
august 20th in a theater near you
is kids
happy snick-a-versa-ry
ah happy snick-a-versa-ry
happy happy happy happy
happy snick-a-versa-ry
oh
aw
Happy Snickaversary, happy Snickaversary, happy Snickaversary!
Happy Snickaversary!
You guys are so long, I mean I thought I'd lost you.
How can you walk so fast in this heat?
Yeah, we're dying!
C'mon, we're almost there.
I'm not sure if sitting by a roaring fire is the best way to spend the hottest
night of the year.
I said we rename it the heatwave society and tell the story by my uncle's pool.
C'mon, it's not THAT hot.
How can you say that?
How could she say that?
How could she wear that?
You still have your jacket on?
By the end of my story, you'll be wearing yours too.
Because I got a sure way to beat the heat.
A story that's guaranteed to give everyone
a massive case of the sure way.
Submitted for the approval of the Midnight Society,
I call this story, the Tale of the Frozen Coast.
It all began when Charles Pemberton Shilling,
of the third, was sent with his babysitter
to spend a weekend with his aunts,
so his parents could go to a wedding or a temple.
It was the coldest winter anyone could remember in 100 years.
Aren't you hot with all that stuff on?
It's 90 degrees in here.
I'm not allowed to catch a cold.
Daphne had been putting up with, I mean babysitting
Charles since she was 12.
So she knew what she was getting into.
Are we here?
Yep.
This is it.
Spooksville or what?
What's the hold up?
Doesn't look like anyone's home.
Yeah, I don't think this is the place.
How do you know?
You've never even met them.
Come on.
Now what's the problem?
What if they're asleep?
What if they get mad at us for waking them up
and they don't like us and they're mean to us all week?
They're your relatives, not a couple of wicked all witches.
I hope.
You're a baby grown.
This must be the babysitter Debbie.
Daphne.
Oh, I'm so sorry.
But you're right, so please do come in.
Come along, Charlie.
Oh, my goodness.
Charlie.
Man, you must be exhausted from the drive.
Why don't you let us make you a cup of tea?
Thanks, but I'd better be going.
Thanks for the invitation.
Say, we had to run off.
Yes, well, they never do stay long anyway.
The main thing is we have our little Charlie with us.
Let us give you the grand tour of our humble abode.
Pretty comfortable.
Oh, I'm sure we'll be fine.
No, no.
We're only trying to be good hosts.
Madeleine, I thought we agreed not to mention that.
Brevidia, I only said hosts, not ghosts.
Ghosts?
Silly me.
My hearing isn't about it used to be.
Your aunts are totally neat.
What?
Weird.
Why, because their house isn't new and perfect like yours?
We can't all be rich and rich.
Hey, don't look at him wrinkly.
Fine, do it yourself if you're going to be picky.
Mom said I have to take care of my things.
Whatever, I'll draw your bath sire.
Hey, wait, a voice from outside.
The wind, Charles.
You heard the wind.
Now get a move on or you'll be late for supper.
This old thing never quite works right, I'm afraid.
We're only using it because the electric range doesn't
work when the power's out.
Why is the power out?
Oh, it's that old electric company.
They get all op-ed even a person just
to weave it late with the payment.
Gratidia, it's been three months.
Push, Madine.
Remember what father always said,
keep your finances to yourself.
Gee, if you're having trouble with money,
well, won't Charles' parents help you out?
Neither a borrower nor a lender be.
The father say that, too, Greta.
Actually, father would roll over in his grave
if he heard us even talking about borrowing money
from the Pemberton and Schilling side of the family.
Why, I mean, it's not like they're short on cash.
It was this little feud.
It was a long time ago.
There was a terrible falling out between father and Uncle Charlie.
Uncle Charlie was Charles' great-grandfather.
He hired a common criminal to work on the farm.
Maylene, Uncle Charlie didn't know he was a criminal
when he hired him.
Yes, but father thought there was something odd about him
from the start who Uncle Charlie wouldn't listen.
Wow, was he a murderer?
Goodness, no.
Far as I know, he was a bank robber.
Well, what happened?
The police caught him in the woods out back
and put him on the train to prison.
End of story.
The Greta dear, that wasn't my understanding.
I heard he never made it to prison.
Everybody on it was killed.
They never found the body of that.
Close that window after we left the smoke out.
We did, sister.
Maybe it doesn't shut just right.
I'm sure I felt a distinct chill just now.
It's all right, children.
We'll see about having it fixed in the morning.
Walter was supposed to do it, but he left rather suddenly.
Who's Walter?
He was our old maintenance man.
I'm afraid he got rather impatient with us.
Because he couldn't pay him?
Is that why he left, Greta?
I thought it was because of the ghost.
Ghost?
You like some more macaroni and cheese.
There's lots.
You think there's a ghost here?
Who is it, the bank robber?
Ghost?
I don't think we should talk about such things.
Why not?
Because we know how young imaginations
can take the simplest things and build them up
into nightmares and the like.
But I'm not afraid of ghosts, and neither is Charles.
Are you, Charles?
Ghosts?
Really, dear, it's better we don't.
I'm going to apologize, because every time I
talk about this, strange things happen.
Maylene, that is enough.
Give that back to me.
The Secret Society and their special guest star
will be right back.
Happy Snick-a-versary.
Ah, to get inside this box of lucky charms,
rainbow magic is what it takes for a close look
at me marshmallow shapes.
Hey, a box of lucky charms.
And no sign of life.
With no pickles.
Sure.
Yeah.
Now at Burger King, you can collect Save the Animal Cards.
You can save mammals, fish, birds, and red cows, and amphibians.
There's 17 cards and four albums, one with every kid's meal.
You can save them in albums.
Or treat them with friends.
You'll all die for my life at Burger King now.
I'm with Zelda from the very start.
I got the heart and smarts to play the part.
But to down with Zelda.
To creep it through within our head view.
Because a man's got to do what a man's got to do.
So I stay on track to collect the facts.
Never cut to slack.
And I always watch my back for jacks.
To down with Zelda, yeah.
As soon as then, I'm the man with the plan.
Because the power's in my head.
And the power's in my hands.
To down with Zelda.
Now back to the sneak-aversary, if you dare.
What are you doing?
Charles, you had a bad dream.
Now get out of my bed and go back to sleep.
It wasn't a dream.
I mean, I was having a bad dream.
And then I woke up.
The window burst open, crashed like that.
And then I looked down.
I saw him.
Oh, he's got to believe me.
Now, children, it's not nice to argue.
Why won't you tell Auntie Greta what's wrong?
Charles kept me up all night because he thinks he saw a ghost.
He's mad because I don't believe him.
What's that?
What did you see?
The ghost.
I saw it.
He says it talked to him.
It did.
Greta, did you hear that?
It's never spoken to us.
You mean you've seen it, too?
Now, Daphne and Debbie.
Daphne, you mean there is a ghost,
and it's not just a ghost story?
Well, I suppose there's no use pretending now.
It was little Charlie we were trying to protect.
He's already seen it.
Besides, it never comes into the house,
so there's no need to worry.
You guys really believe this, don't you?
Of course we do.
Cool.
Well, whose ghost is it?
Well, no one knows exactly, but there
was this little boy who lived at a neighboring farm,
and father said he used to come over here all the time,
sneak around the house trying to find
where Mother hid the cookies.
What happened to him?
It's very tragic.
No one really knows.
They just found him one day out in the woodshed,
all curled up like he was trying to keep a warm.
They said he froze to death for a thing.
How sad.
Look at that.
I was gone out again.
Oh, no, and we have no more wood.
Does that mean we're going to freeze to death too?
No, there's plenty of wood around.
Just tell me where to go, and I'll bring some in.
I was thinking, maybe we should go Mom and Dad,
and they can come and get us.
I'm sure their wedding's over by now.
The axe isn't where they said it would be.
Axe?
How else do you chop wood?
I don't know.
I've never chopped wood.
Well, there's a first time for everything.
Come on.
Chopping wood?
It's filthy.
This should do the trick.
Hey, this isn't hard at all.
In fact, it's kind of fun.
Want to try?
Yeah.
I'm not allowed to play the sharp things.
I can't take it anymore.
You are a complete and total wuss.
I am not.
You are too.
You're always finding an excuse not to do things.
When are you going to quit being such a freak?
I am not a freak.
Yeah, right.
If it weren't for me, you'd be a total couch potato
sitting at home, playing a nice safe video game
and your nice clean clothes.
What's wrong with clean clothes?
You want to know what's wrong with clean clothes?
I'll show you what's wrong with clean clothes.
Look, he's still alive.
What a surprise.
He survived a little bit of mud.
That's him.
I'm telling my mom you did that.
I'm going to be angry.
What was that?
I think it came from over here.
No.
What does it want?
What?
He was in the law.
The bad guy pulled up his-
Charles, see something.
What are you doing?
The jacket.
That V looks like some kind of key.
I know for the stove pipe.
That's why it never worked properly.
We couldn't get the flue open without it.
Greta, I have a feeling your money troubles are over.
The criminal hid the gold in the pipe.
Little boy saw him when he was looking for cookies.
Charles' dream.
Poor kid.
He froze to death hiding from the criminal and no one knew.
I told you you'd get the shivers.
I declare this meaning of the Heat Wave Society.
Close.
Good night, everybody.
Four of a kind.
It's four reasons to stay at home.
It's fortified with four essential episodes,
the cream of the classic TV crop.
It's very, very Nick at night.
This week, it's very, very Alan Brady.
He's everyone's favorite boss.
War.
We should encourage him and a humble genius.
I don't owe anything to anybody.
He's very, very Alan Brady.
That's this week's very, very Nick at night.
And it all starts tonight at 10, 9 central.
Join us if you can.
Thank you.
He has no upper lip, like this.
He shaves his entire body.
His ears.
He's got one of those unibrow's.
I hate that.
A remote control holder for my birthday.
Thank you.
He calls me amigo.
He reads mercenary magazines.
He waxes his chest.
Dinosaur making is not legitimate profession at all.
East pack, backpacks come with a lifetime
guarantee against defects.
If only the same could be said for boyfriends.
He bites his toenails.
Ugh.
I asked my parents if I was going to Kellogg's Frosted
Meats, and all of a sudden I'm so grown up.
Oh, he's eating so sensibly.
Well, he knows just how cool his stuff is.
Just check out all that whole grain wheat.
Whole grain wheat.
They're very nutritious.
He's definitely eating this frosted.
It jams.
This is what every child genius should eat.
Kellogg's Frosted Meats tastes so good,
who cares about anything else.
Besides, it's part of this complete breakfast.
He's probably downstairs right now,
writing his dissertation on world peace.
There you go.
All right.
Yeah.